README.md, before:

# Minecraft Downloader

## Overview
System is a specialized project developed for Bagou450, designed to streamline the downloading of various Minecraft server versions. It's an integral part of Bagou450's products, "Minecraft Versions Changer" and "Minecraft Modpacks Installer".

## Project Structure
The project categorizes numerous Minecraft server types, as follows:
- banner
- bungeecord
- catservers
- fabric
- folia
- forge
- getlist
- magma
- mohist
- neoforge
- paper
- purpur
- snapshot
- spigot
- spongeforge
- spongevanilla
- travertine
- vanilla
- velocity
- waterfall

## Recommended Development Environment
- **Recommended IDE:** PhpStorm
- **PHP:** Minimum version 8.3
- **Composer:** Dependency manager

## Dependencies
List of Composer dependencies required for the project:
- guzzlehttp/guzzle: ^7.8
- vlucas/phpdotenv: ^5.6
- ext-json: *
- nesbot/carbon: ^2.72
- ivopetkov/html5-dom-document-php: 2.*
- ext-zip: *
- phpmailer/phpmailer: ^6.9
- symfony/filesystem: ^7.0
- symfony/finder: ^7.0

## Java Versions and Downloads
The project utilizes the following Java versions. Download the appropriate version for your operating system:

### For Windows
Download and place in corresponding directories:
- Java 8: [Download](https://builds.openlogic.com/downloadJDK/openlogic-openjdk-jre/8u392-b08/openlogic-openjdk-jre-8u392-b08-windows-x64.zip) (java/8-win)
- Java 16: [Download](https://github.com/adoptium/temurin16-binaries/releases/download/jdk-16.0.2%2B7/OpenJDK16U-jdk_x64_windows_hotspot_16.0.2_7.zip) (java/16-win)
- Java 17: [Download](https://builds.openlogic.com/downloadJDK/openlogic-openjdk-jre/17.0.9+9/openlogic-openjdk-jre-17.0.9+9-windows-x64.zip) (java/17-win)

### For Linux
Download and place in corresponding directories:
- Java 8: [Download](https://builds.openlogic.com/downloadJDK/openlogic-openjdk-jre/8u392-b08/openlogic-openjdk-jre-8u392-b08-linux-x64.tar.gz) (java/8)
- Java 16: [Download](https://github.com/adoptium/temurin16-binaries/releases/download/jdk-16.0.2%2B7/OpenJDK16U-jdk_x64_linux_hotspot_16.0.2_7.tar.gz) (java/16)
- Java 17: [Download](https://builds.openlogic.com/downloadJDK/openlogic-openjdk-jre/17.0.9+9/openlogic-openjdk-jre-17.0.9+9-linux-x64.tar.gz) (java/17)

## License
This project is protected under the "Bagou450 Exclusive License" and cannot be used by others, even for personal use.

## Environment Configuration (.env)
Set up the environment variables in a `.env` file. Replace the placeholders with your actual configuration:
```dotenv
DEBUG="false"
SMTP_HOST="your_smtp_host"
SMTP_USER="your_smtp_user"
SMTP_PASS="your_smtp_password"
SMTP_PORT=your_smtp_port
SMTP_FROM_EMAIL="your_from_email"
SMTP_FROM_NAME="your_from_name"
SMTP_TO_EMAIL="your_to_email"
SMTP_TO_NAME="your_to_name"
```

## Error Handling
In case of an error, an email is sent to the address specified in the `SMTP_TO_EMAIL` variable in the `.env` file.

## Execution
- **Web:** Run the `index.php` file in a web environment.
- **CLI:** `index.php` can also be executed via the command line for CLI management.

Commit message:

Add setup instructions to README
A line has been added to the README.md file explaining that on Linux, users have the option to run the "setup.bash" script to automatically download and extract the specified Java versions. This aims to improve the user experience by simplifying the setup process.

README.md, after:

# Minecraft Downloader

## Overview
System is a specialized project developed for Bagou450, designed to streamline the downloading of various Minecraft server versions. It's an integral part of Bagou450's products, "Minecraft Versions Changer" and "Minecraft Modpacks Installer".

## Project Structure
The project categorizes numerous Minecraft server types, as follows:
- banner
- bungeecord
- catservers
- fabric
- folia
- forge
- getlist
- magma
- mohist
- neoforge
- paper
- purpur
- snapshot
- spigot
- spongeforge
- spongevanilla
- travertine
- vanilla
- velocity
- waterfall

## Recommended Development Environment
- **Recommended IDE:** PhpStorm
- **PHP:** Minimum version 8.3
- **Composer:** Dependency manager

## Dependencies
List of Composer dependencies required for the project:
- guzzlehttp/guzzle: ^7.8
- vlucas/phpdotenv: ^5.6
- ext-json: *
- nesbot/carbon: ^2.72
- ivopetkov/html5-dom-document-php: 2.*
- ext-zip: *
- phpmailer/phpmailer: ^6.9
- symfony/filesystem: ^7.0
- symfony/finder: ^7.0

## Java Versions and Downloads
The project utilizes the following Java versions. Download the appropriate version for your operating system:

### For Windows
Download and place in corresponding directories:
- Java 8: [Download](https://builds.openlogic.com/downloadJDK/openlogic-openjdk-jre/8u392-b08/openlogic-openjdk-jre-8u392-b08-windows-x64.zip) (java/8-win)
- Java 16: [Download](https://github.com/adoptium/temurin16-binaries/releases/download/jdk-16.0.2%2B7/OpenJDK16U-jdk_x64_windows_hotspot_16.0.2_7.zip) (java/16-win)
- Java 17: [Download](https://builds.openlogic.com/downloadJDK/openlogic-openjdk-jre/17.0.9+9/openlogic-openjdk-jre-17.0.9+9-windows-x64.zip) (java/17-win)

### For Linux
Download and place in corresponding directories:
- Java 8: [Download](https://builds.openlogic.com/downloadJDK/openlogic-openjdk-jre/8u392-b08/openlogic-openjdk-jre-8u392-b08-linux-x64.tar.gz) (java/8)
- Java 16: [Download](https://github.com/adoptium/temurin16-binaries/releases/download/jdk-16.0.2%2B7/OpenJDK16U-jdk_x64_linux_hotspot_16.0.2_7.tar.gz) (java/16)
- Java 17: [Download](https://builds.openlogic.com/downloadJDK/openlogic-openjdk-jre/17.0.9+9/openlogic-openjdk-jre-17.0.9+9-linux-x64.tar.gz) (java/17)
On linux you can also run the "setup.bash" script to download and extract the Java versions automatically.

## License
This project is protected under the "Bagou450 Exclusive License" and cannot be used by others, even for personal use.

## Environment Configuration (.env)
Set up the environment variables in a `.env` file. Replace the placeholders with your actual configuration:
```dotenv
DEBUG="false"
SMTP_HOST="your_smtp_host"
SMTP_USER="your_smtp_user"
SMTP_PASS="your_smtp_password"
SMTP_PORT=your_smtp_port
SMTP_FROM_EMAIL="your_from_email"
SMTP_FROM_NAME="your_from_name"
SMTP_TO_EMAIL="your_to_email"
SMTP_TO_NAME="your_to_name"
```

## Error Handling
In case of an error, an email is sent to the address specified in the `SMTP_TO_EMAIL` variable in the `.env` file.

## Execution
- **Web:** Run the `index.php` file in a web environment.
- **CLI:** `index.php` can also be executed via the command line for CLI management.
